README.markdown, before:

# Jenkins Installer for Mac OS X

This project aims to create a Mac OS installer package for setting up Jenkins on a Mac.

Right now it is just a simple MacRuby script, but it has most of the features that the installer will have.

- Jenkins is installed to `/Library/Application Support/Jenkins`
- The JENKINS\_HOME is set to `/Library/Application Support/Jenkins/working_dir`
- Logs are sent to `/Library/Logs/Jenkins`
- A launchd plist is created and installed for Jenkins

## Running the installer

5 second how-to:

```bash
# If you want Jenkins to listen on the default port
sudo ./setup.rb

# If you want Jenkins to listen on a different port
sudo ./setup.rb --httpPort 9090
```

## Start/Stop script

10 second how-to:

```bash
# Check on the status of Jenkins
sudo ./jenkins_ctl.rb status

# Stop Jenkins
sudo ./jenkins_ctl.rb stop

# Start Jenkins
sudo ./jenkins_ctl.rb start
```

## Special thanks to

* [Thomas Bartelmess](http://github.com/tbartelmess) for the
  start/stop script

## Contributing to keychain

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution

## Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Mark Rada. See LICENSE.txt for further details.

Commit message:

Note that this project is mostly obsolete now

README.markdown, after:

# Jenkins Installer for Mac OS X

NOTE: The official Jenkins installer has become much more mature since
this project started. The only advantage to using this installer now
is that it comes with the a control script.

This project aims to create a Mac OS installer package for setting up Jenkins on a Mac.

Right now it is just a simple MacRuby script, but it has most of the features that the installer will have.

- Jenkins is installed to `/Library/Application Support/Jenkins`
- The JENKINS\_HOME is set to `/Library/Application Support/Jenkins/working_dir`
- Logs are sent to `/Library/Logs/Jenkins`
- A launchd plist is created and installed for Jenkins

## Running the installer

5 second how-to:

```bash
# If you want Jenkins to listen on the default port
sudo ./setup.rb

# If you want Jenkins to listen on a different port
sudo ./setup.rb --httpPort 9090
```

## Start/Stop script

10 second how-to:

```bash
# Check on the status of Jenkins
sudo ./jenkins_ctl.rb status

# Stop Jenkins
sudo ./jenkins_ctl.rb stop

# Start Jenkins
sudo ./jenkins_ctl.rb start
```

## Special thanks to

* [Thomas Bartelmess](http://github.com/tbartelmess) for the
  start/stop script

## Contributing to keychain

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution

## Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Mark Rada. See LICENSE.txt for further details.
